Google App Engine + Django == FAIL
Published on April 08, 2008.
Edit: Using the tutorial from this dude , I was able to get the Django “hey, you got the barebones working!” page working.
I may have time to mess around with this more in a week or so.
I just wasted an hour trying to get the Google App Engine and Django to work together on both my Mac and my PC.
Both give failure errors when I try to run the server.
Should I assume I’m a bad computer scientist?
Or should I assume that Google needs to do more testing/documentation before releasing stuff?
Granted, I haven’t used Django before, but it should really work if I follow the directions correctly (and I did, twice)!
I would consider learning the webapp framework, but I’d rather learn something I could use on a server other than Google’s.
I’ve been meaning to learn Django for a while now.
I had some high hopes that I’d be able to get something cool running in a short amount of time, but I guess not.
People are saying this App Engine thing is a great competitor to Amazon’s ECC.
Not quite yet.
You can’t run any software you want on App Engine, you’re limited to using Python for now, and from my experience, App Engine seems a bit half-baked at this point.
What about cron-jobs?
What about running scripts?
What about root access?
I can’t see why Google didn’t just decide to copy Amazon and allow developers to upload a linux image or something.
My initial impressions are disappointing.
Maybe once the semester is over, they’ll have a more stable version of this available…